old way go in
the loop stay in
the loop fine you
can stand still let
the future come to
you this is faster
than running away right
you don't disagree with
the future but you're
not doing anything about
it fine obviously that's
not us right then
you can move toward
the future as it's
coming toward you you
move toward the future
this is powerful this
is where you want
to be or you
can take everything we've
done here and sprint
sprint toward the future
of engineering. Beat everyone
else there. Get this
agent declare in your
codebase. Get this
up and running. Have
agents building for you.
Build a system that
builds a system. This